DM-4971 opcua and thinEdge proxy support change log announcement and doc (#4129)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/device-integration/opcua-bundle/gateway-configuration-and-registration.md

The OPC UA gateway can also be registered and operated via [thin-edge.io](https://thin-edge.io/). In contrast to the standalone mode, `thinEdge` configurations must be added to the YAML file:

#### Recommended configuration using the thin-edge.io {{< product-c8y-iot >}} proxy {#thinedge-recommended-config}

{{< c8y-admon-info >}}
This requires to be run with the thin-edge.io version 1.7.1 or higher.
{{< /c8y-admon-info >}}

The recommended mode of integration uses
the [thin-edge.io proxy](https://thin-edge.github.io/thin-edge.io/references/cumulocity-proxy/). The local
proxy of thin-edge.io exposes the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} API. By default, the proxy is available at
`http://localhost:8001/c8y`.

##### Example configuration for the thin-edge.io proxy {#example-localproxy-thin-edge-config}

```yaml
C8Y:

>     baseUrl: http://localhost:8001/c8y/ # Points to the thin-edge.io proxy

Author: ```suggestion
    baseUrl: http://localhost:8001/c8y # Points to the thin-edge.io proxy
```

gateway:
    bootstrap:
        tenantId: <<yourTenantId>>
    identifier: Gateway_Device
    name: Gateway_Device
    db:
        # The gateway uses the local database to store platform credentials and local cache.
        # This parameter shows the location in which the local data should be stored.
        baseDir: C:/Users/<<userName>>/.opcua/data
    thinEdge:
        enabled: true
        useHttpProxy: true
        deviceId: Thin-Edge_Device
```

With the configuration `gateway.thinEdge.enabled: true` you switch to the thin-edge.io mode. This means that the authentication and registration to the platform will be done via thin-edge.io. The OPC UA gateway is automatically registered and created as a subdevice under the thin-edge.io device defined with `gateway.thinEdge.deviceId`.

> `gateway.thinEdge.useHttpProxy` is switch to make opcua-device-gateway to fully use thin-edge.io proxy also for the authentication to the platform. It requires `C8Y.baseUrl` to be set to the thin-edge.io proxy URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`gateway.thinEdge.useHttpProxy` is a switch that makes the opcua-device-gateway fully use the thin-edge.io proxy, including authentication to the platform. It requires `C8Y.baseUrl` to be set to the thin-edge.io proxy URL.
```

##### Example legacy thin-edge.io configuration (deprecated) {#example-legacy-config}

> The legacy thin-edge.io mode recreates the authentication credentials for the thin-edge.io connection. This mode is now deprecated and will be removed in the future.

Reviewer: We should avoid time-related statements in the docs as they will get outdated after a while and will rarely be maintained. Time-related statements should go into the change logs. I recommend changing this to "This mode is now deprecated."

Author: makes sense. updated.

> The legacy thin-edge.io mode recreates the authentication credentials for the thin-edge.io connection. This mode is now deprecated and will be removed in the future.

Author: ```suggestion
The legacy thin-edge.io mode recreates the authentication credentials for the thin-edge.io connection. This mode is now deprecated.
```

```yaml
C8Y:

>     baseUrl: http://localhost:8001/c8y/

Author: ```suggestion
    baseUrl: http://localhost:8001/c8y
```
